>> Burke Holland: Another concept that's
become very popular in editors over
the past few years is
the concept of multiple cursors.
Now, multiple cursors are very powerful,
but
a lot of people have trouble understanding
when I should actually use one.
It's kind of like artificial intelligence.
Like it's a cool technology,
but when do I actually use it?
And so what I wanna show you is some cases
in which you would use multiple cursors.
Once you understand how to use them,
you'll start to find places to use them.
So for instance here in this file,
I'm gonna decrease the font size here so
we can get more text on the screen.
I hope everybody can see that still.
If I put my cursor on colorInput,
notice that DS code is highlighting
other instances of colorInput here.
So let's say that we
wanted to rename this or
change this value,
this colorInput value to something else.
What I can do is highlight it.
And now you can see it's highlighted, and
you can't see it on the projector but
it's highlighted the colorInput.
It's highlighted the colorInput
in document, getElementById.
And it's highlighted
the colorInput that is down
below in
the goButton.addEventListener method.
I can add a cursor to every single one of
these instances with Command > Shift > L.
I now have a cursor on all
of these instances, and
I can hit backspace, and
then I can type lampColor.
And I have changed all three of
those instances at one time.
Now, if you're paying
close attention though,
you'd notice that what I just
did would break the application.
One of these things is a variable name,
and
the other one is a reference
to an element in the HTML.
So what we really wanna do here is
we wanna change two of them, but
not one of them.
So we wanna change the first one, we
wanna leave the second one the same, and
we wanna change the third one.
You can use Command > D to
add one cursor at a time.
So if I come here and select this and
say Command > D, it puts a cursor there.
Command > D again, and
we get a cursor down below, and
I hit the arrow key there so we lost it.
D > D, now we have three cursors.
What we want to do though,
is we want to skip this second instance.
So what we're gonna do is hit Command > D,
and then we're gonna say Command > K,
still holding down the Command key,
Command > D again.
And that skips that instance
with the multiple cursors.
You'll use this a lot.
You need to know how to
skip with multiple cursors.
And now we can safely say,
this is lampColor and
we've only got the two values
that we're looking for.
>> Burke Holland: So
that's skipping instances.
I'm gonna change this back, and
let's talk about finding things.
Of course, you have find and replace,
most people are familiar with this idea.
In our index.html file here, we can find
anything with just Command, or Ctrl > F.
If you do Command > Shift > F,
that actually opens
the project-wide find and replace.
>> Burke Holland: Here,
up in the Find though,
I wanna show you something that you can do
with Find that's a little more powerful.
So in our application here, let's say
just for the sake of demonstration,
that we're looking for
all of the images in this file.
We can do that with the Find box.
And we do that by using
a regular expression.
That's what this little toggle here is.
If I turn this on, we're now looking for
regular expression.
If we said something like input,
it's gonna find all the inputs.
Now, you don't need to know regular
expressions to make this work,
you just need to know a basic amount.
So for instance,
we have two images in this page,
and if we go over to the application
they're broken, right?
The header image is broken and
the background image is broken.
And they're broken because
they've been moved
over here in our start folder,
and now in an images folder.
But you can see the path
here is not correct.
So what we wanna do is we wanna update
both of the paths on these items.
We can find all of the images
in this document just by saying,
I wanna find any jpeg, and
I wanna find any png, and any gif.
So that or right there allows
you to find multiple different
strings using a regular expression.
So if we scroll down,
you'll see we've got background, and
we've also got logo.png right there.
Now at this point what we want to do,
if we've got both of these things on
the screen is,
we want to change them both, okay?
Now, you might be tempted to change
one and then change the other,
you found one and then found the other.
You don't need to do that,
you can change them both at the same time.
So what you're gonna do here, is you're
gonna press Option or Alt > Enter,
and that is gonna add a cursor to both
of those instances at the same time.
And then we can use Option or Alt and
the arrow key, and move to the front of
the word, move to the front of the period,
move to the front of the next word.
We're now at the very front, and
all we have to do is type images/ and
we've updated both instances
of images at the same time.
Multiple cursors are so cool,
you just have to know when to use them.
So just to repeat that again, when you're
in the Find, Option or Alt > Enter,
will add a cursor instance to every
found instance in the document,
it's a very powerful feature.
One other thing I wanna show
you about Find and Replace.
So I think here Replace is,
Option > Shift > F.
So if you do Command > Option or
Control > Alt > F,
then you get to Find and Replace box.
Now, a lot of times what we'll do here
is we'll say, I want to find this or
actually let's find something else,
say we wanna find container.
So we'll say I wanna find container,
and I wanna replace it with section or
something like that.
And then you hit Enter and
it will replace, just a quick tip.
If you do this instead of typing in there,
you can just highlight something.
So let's say we wanna find columns, and
then we'll do Command > Option > F,
and columns is prefilled in the Find.
So whatever is on the clipboard before you
open Find is what gets put in the Find.
So just faster instead of typing it,
just copy it and then open the Find and
Replace, and it will make you
a little bit more productive, and
everybody will be impressed.
And that's the most important
thing in life, is it not?
All right?
It isn't, that's the truth.